---
layout: post
author: Lauren
title: Rise!
tags: []
image: "/uploads/akira-hojo-652732-unsplash.jpg"
date: '2019-02-22T00:27:18+10:00'

---
Some of you may be barely hanging on, standing amongst the ruins of a broken house. Standing amongst the wreckage and searching for answers amongst the foggy atmosphere. Hey, I've been there myself there is a raw and open vulnerable place that happens when one is trying to get out. This place of rawness reminds me of the amount of abandonment, struggles and anxiousness I've struggled over the past few years (I can only describe this as a constant wave hitting the rocks) crashing over and over again as one thing hits the next. It's funny how on the outside we appear so perfect and yet inside we are reaching, fighting and beautifully looking up at the stars in the night sky.

Statistics say 45 per cent of people will experience a mental health condition in their lifetime and with this percentage on the rise, mental health ward beds filling up and doctors prescribing medications sometimes it's too easy to give in to a society where reaching out can call out emotional triggers and bring out a common debate oh what is right and what is wrong. Yet I'm often reminded of the people behind the system and the process the families go through with their loved ones. Everyone experiences pain in their lives, and has done battle in their life and yet not everyone talks about it.

The last couple of years has been rough on our family as we have had to continue to rise despite the endless talks with doctors, nurses and nutritionists. This wave of helplessness and constant worry is starting to ease though and although there has been tough times that have surrounded my brother's mental health, depression, business, being a wife, church and many other topics I continue to pursue the horizon. To me, it's always been about not giving up and instead of persevering, constantly looking at the blessings in my life and the magnificent beauty, despite the elephant in the room.  There is so much beauty in this world and also so much devastation and yet it's often our perception which shapes the meaning we see. Mental health is tricky business not only does it hold tight to your perception but it flips it on the head. I've experienced this myself and the encouragement I'd like to make is the key to not breaking is to not shut down but instead take one step at a time and let down your barrier of emotions. Those steps are not easy but with time, love, understanding and joy, you will begin to see the light at the end of that old cliche tunnel, you will rise. I always encourage you to seek help because the mental health mountain isn't climbed alone. Tell your loved ones, tell a friend, tell a doctor, tell a nurse, and tell yourself it will be ok. Just take one step at a time and slowly you will begin to rise! 

If you need help contact Lifeline Australia - 13 11 14 - Crisis Support and Suicide Prevention and #speakouttoday 