---
layout: post
author: Lauren
title: 'Are you Ok? '
tags: []
image: "/uploads/Copy of Untitled Design (5).png"

---
Sometimes, just sometimes I feel utterly hopeless. Have you ever experienced this feeling? Overshadowed by a constant fear that everything that I do is never enough. I think as people in this world of constant connection it's interesting to me that we can still feel so utterly alone. Loneliness's is a killer of a generation of people who have extraordinary talents and ideas and yet in this generation, we are battling against an ever-present view of what we have to be and what image can I portray to the world on Instagram. 

This constant idea that someone is OK all the time it's an illusion, one shown so people have to strive harder in order to be happy.  When I was younger I collected a collage of some of my friends pulling the worse faces imaginable, I submitted it for an assessment to prove the duality between what a person was feeling at the time and what people expected to see. Today in this society, people more than ever today are craving authenticity in a world that is full of smoke and mirrors. Should we continue playing a part when we could instead see the dying person beside us? Every person on this planet has a gift, has great potential and everyone has something the person next to us can't do. We are not all the same and yet we bully, tease, hurt and offer words that take away from that person's character. I've struggled with bullies my entire life. When I was eight I knew exactly what I wanted to be I just wanted to teach dance and make beautiful routines. I took this idea to a family friend and they told me I never could be that I wasn't good enough, I didn't measure up. I've had teachers say you can't be a writer, you won't graduate, you will never become anything. 

_Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you! - Dr Seus_ 

I don't know about you but I've kind of had enough of people telling me who I am and what I can do. I want you to know that you are more than what others see or think you are.  The truth is you, are you, beautifully and wonderfully made and worthy of more than what they think. We all have the ability to be aware and see more than just the sum of someone instead of their entire soul. That takes time, often a great time to unravel, reveal and share and that's why I believe that connecting truly in a world and encouraging each other and having that trust is vital to us growing into who we need to be and not just who we have been made to become.  So maybe it's time we got off our Facebook and just asked someone " Hey would you like to go for a coffee and get to know each other".  It's time to put down the devices and instead invest in a different kind of social. 